[IMP] General: Google Oauth Docs edit (#3965)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/maintain/google_oauth.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: Project Name and Location for Google Oauth.

Click on :guilabel:`Create` to finish this step.

OAuth consent screen
--------------------

Click on :guilabel:`OAuth consent screen` in the left menu, :guilabel:`User Type` options,

> select the :guilabel:`User Type` option, and then click on :guilabel:`Create` again, which will

Author: Thanks. This process is a bit complicated, as it goes through a couple of pages. I'm going to keep it as is for now. Thanks.

   :align: center
   :alt: Project Name and Location for Google Oauth.

Click on :guilabel:`Create` to finish this step.

OAuth consent screen
--------------------

Click on :guilabel:`OAuth consent screen` in the left menu, under :guilabel:`User Type` options,
select the appropriate :guilabel:`User Type`, and then click on :guilabel:`Create` again, which will
finally navigate to the :guilabel:`Edit app registration` page.

.. warning::
   Personal Gmail accounts are only allowed to be :guilabel:`External` User Type, which means Google
   may require an approval, or for :guilabel:`Scopes` to be added on. Using a Google WorkSpace
   account allows for :guilabel:`Internal` User Type. It should also be noted, that while the API
   connection is in the :guilabel:`External` :guilabel:`Testing` mode, then no approval is necessary

>    from Google. User limits in this *testing* mode is set to 100 users.

Reviewer: @tiku-odoo can you take another look here around **guilabel** usage?

It *seems* that some of these should be in **bold** or _italics_ since they appear to:
- be referred to theoretically, and not through active UI instruction
- not be the actual names of headings, buttons, fields, values, etc. on the UI

As well, check capitalization since none of these appear to be proper nouns or product names, i.e. is **External** User Type supposed to be capitalized? Is this unique to Google?

I'm not saying there's a clear right answer for every case, however with the way this is written it's difficult to decipher. You might benefit from changing the language around slightly to _force_ specific RST use more clearly.

>    necessary from Google. User limits in this :guilabel:`Testing` mode is set to 100 users.

Reviewer 2: italicize and lowercase *testing* mode

- Next, click on the :guilabel:`Save and Continue` button.
- Then, skip the :guilabel:`Scopes` page by scrolling to the bottom and clicking on
  :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.
- Next, if continuing in testing mode (External), add the email addresses being configured under the

>   :guilabel:`Test users` step, by clicking on :guilabel:`Add Users`, and then the :guilabel:`Save and

Reviewer 2: line needs to break earlier at `Save`

- Next, click on the :guilabel:`Save and Continue` button.
- Then, skip the :guilabel:`Scopes` page by scrolling to the bottom and clicking on
  :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

> - Next, if continuing in testing mode (External), add the email addresses being configured under the

Reviewer: Don't see the benefit of adding this part?
> Next, if continuing in testing mode (External)

The previous version seemed clearer because it was active instruction, and not an "if" scenario...

Author: This is a common mistake made during configuration and Google is currently changing up requirements so I was avoiding which Mode to put the configuration. I think it is important to include this part.

  :guilabel:`Test users` step, by clicking on :guilabel:`Add Users`, and then the :guilabel:`Save
  and Continue` button. A summary of the :guilabel:`App registration` appears.
- Finally, scroll to the bottom and click on :guilabel:`Back to Dashboard`.

Create Credentials
------------------

> Now that the project is set up, credentials should be created, which includes the :guilabel:`Client
> ID` and :guilabel:`Client Secret`. First, click on :guilabel:`Credentials` in the left sidebar menu.

Reviewer: Formatting...
```suggestion
Now that the project is set up, the next step is to generate credentials, which includes the *client
ID* and *client secret* values. Get started by clicking on :menuselection:`Credentials` in the left sidebar menu.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: 403 Access Denied Error.

To correct this error, return to the :guilabel:`OAuth consent screen` under :guilabel:`APIs &
Services` and add test user(s) to the app. Add the email that you are configuring in Odoo.

Gmail Module not updated
------------------------

If the :menuselection:`Google Gmail` module in Odoo has not been updated to the latest version, then
a :guilabel:`Forbidden` error message populates.

.. image:: google_oauth/forbidden-error.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Forbidden you don't have the permission to access the requested resource.

To correct this error, go to the :menuselection:`Apps` module and clear out the search terms. Then,
search for ``Gmail`` or ``Google`` and upgrade the :guilabel:`Google Gmail` module. Finally, click
on the three dots on the upper right of the module and select :guilabel:`Upgrade`.

Application Type
----------------

> When creating the *credentials* (OAuth Client ID and Client Secret), if :guilabel:`Desktop App` is

Reviewer: Close
```suggestion
When creating the credentials (OAuth *Client ID* and *Client Secret*), if :guilabel:`Desktop App` is
```

selected for the :guilabel:`Application Type`, an :guilabel:`Authorization Error` appears.

.. image:: google_oauth/error-400.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Error 400 Redirect URI Mismatch.

To correct this error, delete the credentials already created and create new credentials, selecting
:guilabel:`Web Application` for the :guilabel:`Application Type`. Then, under :guilabel:`Authorized
redirect URIs`, click :guilabel:`ADD URI` and type:

> `https://yourdbname.odoo.com/google_gmail/confirm` in the field.
> 
> .. note::

Reviewer: Matching the earlier instruction, deleting the note here.
```suggestion
`https://yourdbname.odoo.com/google_gmail/confirm` in the field, being sure to replace *yourdbname*
in the URL with the Odoo database name.
```
